Docs - Metrics docs layout and info about query/bytes (#11481)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

### Enabling Metrics

> Druid processes can be configured to emit [metrics](../operations/metrics.md) regularly from a number of [monitors](#metrics-monitors) via [emitters](#metrics-emitters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure Druid processes to emit [metrics](../operations/metrics.md) regularly from a number of [monitors](#metrics-monitors) via [emitters](#metrics-emitters).
```
prefer active

|Property|Description|Default|
|--------|-----------|-------|

> |`druid.monitoring.emissionPeriod`|How often metrics are emitted.|`PT1M`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`druid.monitoring.emissionPeriod`| Frequency that Druid emits metrics.|`PT1M`|
```

|`org.apache.druid.server.emitter.HttpEmittingMonitor`|Reports internal metrics of `http` or `parametrized` emitter (see below). Must not be used with another emitter type. See the description of the metrics here: https://github.com/apache/druid/pull/4973.|
|`org.apache.druid.server.metrics.TaskCountStatsMonitor`|Reports how many ingestion tasks are currently running/pending/waiting and also the number of successful/failed tasks per emission period.|

> > Metric monitoring is an essential part of Druid operations.  For example, you might configure monitors on all processes for system and JVM information as follows:

Reviewer: Remove from admonition `>` . Make this the introduction to this section before "The following monitors are available". Line 356.

>
>`druid.monitoring.monitors=["org.apache.druid.java.util.metrics.SysMonitor","org.apache.druid.java.util.metrics.JvmMonitor"]`

> > You can overwrite the default list of monitors with the configurations of individual processes.

Reviewer: remove from admonition. Include this as part of the intro.

|`druid.emitter.http.minHttpTimeoutMillis`|If the speed of filling batches imposes timeout smaller than that, not even trying to send batch to endpoint, because it will likely fail, not being able to send the data that fast. Configure this depending based on emitter/successfulSending/minTimeMs metric. Reasonable values are 10ms..100ms.|0|
|`druid.emitter.http.recipientBaseUrl`|The base URL to emit messages to. Druid will POST JSON to be consumed at the HTTP endpoint specified by this property.|none, required config|

##### Http Emitter Module TLS Overrides

> When emitting events to a TLS-enabled receiver, the Http Emitter will by default use an SSLContext obtained via the process described at [Druid's internal communication over TLS](../operations/tls-support.md), i.e., the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when emitting events to a TLS-enabled receiver, the Http Emitter uses an SSLContext obtained via the process described at [Druid's internal communication over TLS](../operations/tls-support.md), i.e., the same
```
Isn't Http always HTTP?
